Yeah
In the studio,
I turn on the beat and rap all day.
The wine bottle,
one sip and I'm already drunk.
Aimless thoughts,
thinking about you and the clouds.
There's no need for wine,
cuz I've already drunk when looking at your photos.
In the studio,
I'm still writing with this hand.
My songs are nothing without loves.
If they don't fit your taste,
then I need to recheck myself.
If you were so fastidious,
then how can I flirt?
You didn't forget to post on Instagram.
A glass of green tea sits beside you.
Wrote a caption, no rambling.
You said you're very meek, no greedy.
5000 hearts after 2 hours.
Your followers must be young-boys.
They follow you until the end,
but one thing they didn't know,
They're not your taste.
Diamonds on your wrists.
Expensive restaurants are
the only places you have meals.
Your piercings are made from gold.
Your lipsticks must be genuine.
But I don't have those things.
I only have a computer and a dog,
alongside some unfinished demo.
And every day I'd have to clean...
In the studio, I turn on the beat and rap all-day.
The wine bottle,
one sip and I'm already drunk.
Aimless thoughts,
thinking about you and the clouds.
There's no need for wine,
cuz I've already drunk when looking at your photos.
In the studio,
I'm still writing with this hand.
My songs are nothing without loves.
If they don't fit your taste,
then I need to recheck myself.
If you were so fastidious,
then how can I flirt?
Book a place at a luxury restaurant,
in the center of district One.
Sit on the chair and then
I dream about perfect love.
The first date is important,
I must be at my best.
But she looked at my outfit,
and said she didn't like it.
Tom Ford on your lips.
(A luxury fashion-brand)
Comfort on my shoulder.
(A name of a comforter)
Raptor Ford on the road with you inside.
But today, I came to you with none of them.
I must work from morning till night.
No time to rest.
And you went to bars and clubs
from night till morning.
Is that the way you relax?
If I don't work then who'll feed me?
I started working since I was 20.
You don't need to work
cuz you have rich men.
You just need to choose
who'll beside you tonight!
If I don't work then who'll feed me?
I started working since I was 20.
You don't need to work
cuz you have rich men.
You just need to choose
who'll beside you tonight!
Baby baby
Someone's calling you.
Daddy daddy
Is calling you.
Check it, check it.
(What are you worried about?)
Just next, just next.
(Why are you worried about it?)
You could just leave without worrying.
You with your new-lover showed on (Facebook/Insta) Story.
You're making my life harder, more headaches.
Cuz you only taking, not giving.